README.md, before:

# NC News app
This project was created with Create React App.

## About
This is a simple news feed app where you can see news feed about different topics. You can read articles and vote for it. You can also comment on any article, update or even delete your own comment. You can sort article by topics, article date and by author name as well.

## Setup

### Cloning the respository
If you want to work with this repository locally you will need to clone it onto your local machine. To do this, navigate to where in your file system you want the repository to be saved in the command line, and run the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/roshnig/nc-news.git
cd nc-news
```

### Installing dependencies
This repository makes use of a few other packages that you will need to install before it is able to run locally. You can simply run 'npm install' command in your terminal which will automatically install all the dependencies or you can install them by using these commands in terminal
```

npm install react-router-dom
npm i axios 
npm install @mui/material @emotion/react @emotion/styled
npm install @mui/icons-material
```


## Link
An online hosted version of this repository can be found at:

https://rosh-newsfeed-site.netlify.app/

## How to test this app - 
You are required to login if you want to add comment or want to vote. You can test app with any of following users- 

"grumpy19',

"happamy2016",

"tickle122",

"cooljmessy",

"weegembump",

"jessjelly"

## How to test locally -
If you want to test this app locally, just run command 'npm start' in your command line. You must be on project directory before you run this command. 


## Backend repo
This project's backend repo can be cloned from here-

git clone https://github.com/roshnig/be-nc-news.git

An online hosted version of this backend repository can be found at:

https://rosh-news.herokuapp.com

Commit message:

updated read me file for how to test

README.md, after:

# NC News app
This project was created with Create React App.

## About
This is a simple news feed app where you can see news feed about different topics. You can read articles and vote for it. You can also comment on any article, update or even delete your own comment. You can sort article by topics, article date and by author name as well.

## Setup

### Cloning the respository
If you want to work with this repository locally you will need to clone it onto your local machine. To do this, navigate to where in your file system you want the repository to be saved in the command line, and run the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/roshnig/nc-news.git
```

### Installing dependencies
This repository makes use of a few other packages that you will need to install before it is able to run locally. You can simply run below command in your terminal which will automatically install all the dependencies
```
npm install 
``` 
or 

you can install them by running these commands in terminal
```
npm install react-router-dom
npm i axios 
npm install @mui/material @emotion/react @emotion/styled
npm install @mui/icons-material
```


## Link
An online hosted version of this repository can be found at:

https://rosh-newsfeed-site.netlify.app/

## How to test this app - 
You can just navigate through the app and read articles and comments. But if you want to vote for any article, you will need to login first. You can login with any of following users- 

"grumpy19'

"happamy2016"

"tickle122"

"cooljmessy"

"weegembump"

"jessjelly"

If you are logged in, you can also post your comment for any article. You can update or delete your own comment for articles. you can vote for others comments.

## How to test locally -
If you want to test this app locally, just run command 'npm start' in your command line. You must be on project directory before you run this command. 


## Backend repo
This project's backend repo can be cloned from here-

git clone https://github.com/roshnig/be-nc-news.git

An online hosted version of this backend repository can be found at:

https://rosh-news.herokuapp.com
